three-on-two who's open good way to be
fake good steal Sydney's out next to
take the ball let's go fast break here
they come take the layup they give it to
you that's good Reagan's the shooter
next group remember somebody's got to
take ball who's got ball hold on your
second-best break somebody's got to take
ball who's got ball he's got back side
back side rebound box out good shot
person shooter versus hot she's hitting
everything let's go fast break fast
break who's got ball stop all the jobs
did a good job syd sydney shooter so
Reagan Reagan shooter Reagan's out fast
break next group push it Delaney good
pass way to go back to her inside
teamwork sweet
who's up igniting good pastor Laney
teamwork hit the open girl hit the open
girl rebound gia shooter let's go geo
shooter mixed group fast-break stop ball
stop all stop the ball who's open who's
open who's open good pass who Savannah
cut to the basket good you're good job
defense alright Savannah's out let's go
to next group next group here they come
who's got defense rebound alright who
shot whoever shots out Jesus out fast
break take it to them take it to them
make them commit here's what we're doing
Earl's we picked up our driven when
there was no real pressure to remember
don't make dem make us pick it up when
you're ready to pass it or shoot it they
stayed spread out you should have kept
putting the pressure on whoever's
dribbling if they give it to you keep
going down the middle today commit let's
back up do that set again same group
same fruit go pick up your drivel to
you're ready to shoot or pass put
pressure down take it to them take it to
them take it to them nap give it to her
good pass take it to him redan
good job Savannah see shooter good
hustle girls good hustle I love it next
group the top lane did they come fast
break fast break good pass way to look
forward to you nice pass here all right
that's a shooter next group fast break
take it to them take it to them offside
who's offside tried three that's right
that's right all right Savannah shooter
hey girls that's excellent because you
know what three girls should be able to
beat two girls can't cover three if the
three are playing together next group
good job Carson look at it who's open
who's open good defense Carson's the
shooter next to defense put pressure on
the ball pressure on the ball good pass
look at that look at that beautiful
awesome way to find your teammate next
fast-break let's go stop the ball to
stop the ball good pass rebound
herbicide blame blames the shooter
fast break stop the ball back side take
it to him delaney way to look for you
things you can do have a good steel good
still Delaney shooter Delaney with
shooter take it to him girls fast-break
who's open cut go hard go hard go hard
layup nice i love it that's good
Savannah shooter take it to them girls
take it to them we're going to take it
to Oak Hall let's go next group fast
break who's open get your teammate yes
layup look at that too can't cover three
good defense to kaylee shooter next
group hitter Savannah hit her quick good
shot good shot Reagan good shot Reagan
she's looking she knows in her heart
Reagan's shooter let's go next group
next group somebody go get ball attack
ball attack ball good shot look at that
look at that like nice kaylee shooter
next Bank next group let's go take it to
him
who's open oh thank Papa baby poppet
rebound Delaney shooter let's go good
job playing good defense playing good
defense nice defense Kate Kayla with
shooter Caitlyn shooter fast-break bring
it to a blame pressure pressure pressure
pressure juggling you gotta cut baby
she's wanting you to go to the basket
hit her back hit her back get her back
lady you're up and out cheating popper
that's good way to look for your
teammate